add Task sequence code-sample (#1)
see-jc/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md

| [printf](Tutorials/Features/printf)                                                                                           | [Tutorials/DesignPatterns](Tutorials/DesignPatterns)                                     | How to declare and use `printf` in program
| [invocation_interfaces](Tutorials/Features/hls_flow_interfaces/invocation_interfaces)                                     | [Tutorials/Features/hls_flow_interfaces](Tutorials/Features/hls_flow_interfaces) | How to specify the kernel invocation interface and kernel argument interfaces
| [streaming_data_interfaces](Tutorials/Features/hls_flow_interfaces/streaming_data_interfaces)                             | [Tutorials/Features/hls_flow_interfaces](Tutorials/Features/hls_flow_interfaces) | How to use pipes to implement streaming data interfaces on an IP component

> | [task_sequences](Tutorials/Features/experimental/task_sequences)                             | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features) | How to use task sequences to add concurrency to your design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [task_sequences](Tutorials/Features/experimental/task_sequences)                             | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features) | How to use task sequences to describe multiple parallel loops in a single kernel

```
use the same text as in the readme intro and in the sample.json
